TODO:

DONE | Seperate Deals and Posts into different collections
DONE | When post is a type of deal it should be checked if a existing deal document for its deal by comparing extracted info from post to info inside of the deals documents already exists then if not it will try to create a new one.
DONE (I guess?) | Deal documents should contain the metadata for arv percentage, within city list (and maybe some kind of confidence value?)
DONE | Add GPT checker to post to see if it has more than 1 parcel/deal (actually really just more than 1 DEAL) and ignore it if it does for now and Ill implement functionality for that in the future.
DONE | Functionality to handle multiple parcels/deals in a post
DONE | Subsidize chat gpt prompts for extracting data
Check GPT extracted data for valid city and valid state. And maybe RegEx tests for ARV
DONE | Set up delay for querying emails in post comments after time has passed so people have time to comment emails.
DONE | Cron Job every day that gets post comments for posts that are 3 days old
DONE | Need sorting value for deal created age (3 days, 1 week, 1 month, etc)
DONE (They're called labels) | Add "Statuses" to deals. Like "Unchecked" "Starred or Important"
DONE | Add block option to facebook authors
DONE | Complete search functionality for accordions with searchbar
DONE | Create custom events to trigger a new query for deals.
DONE | Populate deals page options with user query history
DONE | Update City options list when selected states change
DONE (pretty much) | Redo deal list item styling
DONE | Deal documents will have a boolean verified info status.
DONE | Add info verify info button to deal page.
DONE | Verify info will have popup modal with a edit button for each info field for user to edit.
DONE | Add info verified status to deals list page for each deal.

Add total document matches to deals list page.

Make verify info functionality.

Make change label functionality.

Search deals by author and address

Load more deals as user scrolls down.

Add label colors to deals list.

Change manifest.json route and fix middleware for default route.

Make device detection frontend by assembling different components based on device size or user agent.

Make deals list live update when new deals are found

Error popups for api calls.